you walk out of the house slamming the
door behind you
at your back your big brother is
laughing hard
he just played a prank on you never mind
you're used to it already everyone has
always loved jamie
he's the cool jock in your family even
for your parents
you on the other hand are something of
an outcast
at school you get average grades not
excelling at anything in particular
no one notices you much and you're okay
with it
you have a small group of classmates you
consider friends
but whenever you're together it's them
talking and you listening silently
you're fine with that too or were at
least
until you found out they've been hanging
out at one of the kids place
without inviting you then you shrugged
and got on with your lonely life it's
okay
being lonely is something you got used
to pretty early
when everyone around didn't even try to
understand you
it became a normal part of your life you
even started to like being a loner a
little bit
you could do whatever you alone wanted
and sometimes
felt pity for your big bro he had to
always check if his friends wanted
say to go to the movies before going
there himself
and then there's this guy micah he's
your classmate too
but he's your polar opposite he's
handsome
always surrounded with friends and
admirers and he's the best at sports
you wonder if he's been practicing that
radiant smile of his in front of the
mirror
it's too hollywood-like micah gets all
kinds of awards and praise from everyone
including teachers you're not jealous or
anything
but it feels a bit unfair that he's
getting all the attention
it's a good day today so you decide to
spend your big break outside in the park
you find a quiet spot put down your book
bag
and sit down enjoying the sun you search
in your bag for your lunch box
and find it missing looks like mom
forgot to pack it for you this morning
oh well you grab a candy bar hidden in a
separate pocket
exactly for such a case and start
chewing
then you notice a familiar figure not
far away
micah alone and kind of shady
he's totally unlike his usual self
hunched over and
full of thought as if something's
bothering you
you watch him as he sits down on the
grass too leans back on a tree with his
eyes closed
after a while you head to class and
micah
remains sitting there and it looks wrong
the next day everything's back to normal
you slam the door to your brother's
booming laughter
listen quietly to your classmates
chitchat and watch micah bathe in the
limelight
then the big break comes and you go to
the park again
thankfully this time the lunch box is on
you
in no more than 10 minutes you see micah
again
and he's as gloomy as yesterday if not
worse
he lands next to a tree again and leans
back
eyes closed maybe you've been staring
too hard
because after a few seconds he opens his
eyes and looks straight at you
on smiling you quickly look away
but from the corner of your eye you see
micah getting up
and approaching you hey you're alex
right
yeah and you're micah we're in the same
class
i know i wanted to talk to you
surprised with him being so earnest you
invite him to sit with you
the conversation is awkward at first but
then you realize
you're getting interested in micah's
opinion on different subjects
and there's a spark in his eye too you
talk for the rest of the break
and then go back to school together
there he's immediately surrounded by his
followers
and transforms into his old self
seemingly forgetting all about you
you shrug and trudge behind to the
classroom
the following day is the same old song
but this time
micah approaches you in the hall and
suggests you two go for a walk
you go outside and talk a surprising
thought occurs to you
it's the second time someone actually
wants to hear what you have to say
and listens to you micah is different
with you too
he's earnest again and doesn't flash
that smile at you at all
it feels like he actually cares but when
you return to school
it's all back to normal mike is all fun
and jokes
you lagging behind invisible
two weeks pass like this and all this
time
you find yourself more and more enjoying
micah's company
waiting for each big break to get a
chance to talk to him
one day as everyone's leaving school
you're packing your books into your bag
nobody's waiting for you so you take
your time
but then you notice a shadow micah is
standing next to you
and there's no one else but the two of
you he says he'd like to take a walk
home
and he'd be glad if you joined him you
agree and you leave school together
the walk takes more than an hour and all
this time you're talking
discussing lots of stuff you have a lot
in common
but something is nagging you not far
from your house already
you finally ask him why he chose you in
the first place
after all he's so popular and has so
many friends
micah's reaction is surprising he grows
moody
and says they're not his friends then he
says he's got homework to do
and sets off at a fast pace perplexed
you trudge home your brother meets you
in the doorway with a bag of trash
telling you to throw it in the dumpster
with a smug grin
next day mike is not at school you don't
ask anyone about it
but you overhear a conversation that
he's on a sick leave
he doesn't appear for the rest of the
week and you realize
it makes you sad the weekend passes
you come to school and when you don't
see micah again
you feel anxious surprising yourself
the week goes by painfully slow that
weekend
you stay in your room and don't even
notice your brothers and parents worried
looks
on sunday evening your brother quietly
knocks on your room door
and you hear him scram as you yell at
him to go away
no one bothers you that night anymore
monday you head out without saying a
word
and failed to notice that your brother
didn't even try to play some silly prank
on you
you get on the bus and take the furthest
seat staring out the window
ignoring the joyful chatter of other
kids
you walk in your classroom without
looking around throw your book bag on
your chair
and tear the books out of it you wake up
from your thoughts when you realize
it's too silent around you look up and
see
everyone staring at you then someone
touches your shoulder from behind
you turn around sharp and see it's micah
you stare at him and then look around
again and rush out of the classroom
almost knocking down your teacher she
yells for you to come back
but you only pick up the pace and burst
out of the school
you only half understand what you're
doing yourself but then you hear a
familiar voice
calling your name it's micah he's
running after you
you stop and look at him indignantly and
when he catches up with you
he puts his hand on your shoulder and
says i'm sorry
let me explain it turns out micah's
always sought others approval and praise
and worked hard for that too he's never
had anything to complain about
loving parents adorable little sister
and his family was pretty rich
so he could get whatever he wanted and
yet
whoever he met he soon realized they
were only interested in his family's
money
not him so micah began working on his
own image
he did well at sports and studied hard
and his innate sense of humor lifted
everyone's mood
for some time his popularity gave him
confidence
but then he saw it again people were
gathering around him
not because they liked him but because
they wanted a piece of his glory
it all came back at him at once and he
realized he'd fallen
into his own trap and then he saw you
a quiet kid who's never even tried to
butter him up
he was tired of wearing his mask and
when he met you
in the park he saw his chance it was
great to talk to someone who was
genuinely interested in him personally
not his achievements
so when you asked about his friends in
popularity
micah became afraid that you might be
just another one of them
and yet he says he realizes now
that it wasn't the case he's sorry
and you see it in his eyes and after his
story
you decide to skip school for once and
make up for those two weeks apart
it seems neither of you is lonely
[Music]
anymore